# ProductDisplay
WEB application to display inventory of a store

Have you ever gone to a store looking for a specific item only to find out they were sold out? Then continue to the following store just to find out that they are sold out as well? What about going onto the website, searching for the item, seeing that it is in stock, driving 30 minutes to the store and guess what they do not have it in stock! A new app has recently become popular called Instacart. Allowing people to shop for groceries right from their home and have someone deliver it. Even with this app it is flawed as the app will show something is in stock and then soon after you will get notified that the shopper was not able to find your item. This is extremely frustrating to not only me but to many people! And we have not even started talking about the huge waste of time, gas, and the many disappointed moments of telling your kids that they cannot do a gingerbread house this year, that this simple problem has caused.

My solution is to create a live feed database with complete transparency to the customer. The people who matter the most to a company! By partnering with major companies this database will be posted on their respective websites and will allow a user-friendly interface that makes finding the necessary details the easiest.
This database will work the same way that most of us are already familiar with. The user will search for the item they are interested in. Except this time, they will be supplied more data than they could ever need. 

This online database will work as followed. When a company places a truck order all the product that they just bought will be put into an incoming truck table with an estimated arrival date. There can be multiple incoming truck table allotted with separate arrival dates. Once that product arrives at the store and they start unloading the truck they will then scan the barcodes of the product as it comes off the truck to verify that it has arrived. As the products are being scanned, they will automatically be placed into a new table labeled “InBack”. Then once the products start being pushed out to the front of the store. They will have their barcode scanned as soon as the products leave the back. The system will now transfer those products into a new table called “OnShelves”. Then as the cashier scans the barcode at checkout the item will automatically be removed from the “OnShelves” table and put into a “Recently Sold” table, where it will be automatically deleted after the return policy. All of this data is what the customer will now see when they search for a product online. They will see how much of the product is on the shelves, how much of that product is in the back of the store, and how much of the product is incoming.

This level of transparency is what customers need, what they deserve, and companies owe it to them. By keeping a live, correct database feed provided for the customers it will limit wasted trips, and unnecessary questions to workers that need to stay on task throughout the store.
This project is just the start. With a few simple add-ons in the system, it can evolve into so much more. It can later include the aisle number on where to find the product. Which will also reduce the distractions the workers constantly face when requiring help in finding a product. Providing transparency will speed up throughput in the store, keep workers on task, and result in significant profit gain for the participating company. As well as form a relation with their customers. 
With cloud infrastructure more accesssible now more than ever, there is no excuse on why this mission cannot be completed. Will implementing these changes cost money to the companies? Of course. But with the billions of dollars that customers spend every year, it is time that companies do something that will help their customers.
